---
tags: [Newsletter]
---
On February 13, students participating in the Learning Collaborative program at Red Rocks Community College were treated to a presentation by local author Derek Porter. Porter, a Marine veteran who served several tours in Iraq, is the author of "Conquering Mental Fatigues," a memoir of his wartime experiences. Porter spoke to the students in the Reading and Writing class about transition, the challenges it presents, and ways he coped including using writing as a therapeutic tool to assist with the change process. His presentation was well received by the students who attended, who felt encouraged by his words as they prepare to make a big transition themselves to college! A special thank you to Derek Porter for sharing his message with our students and the faculty who helped to make this event possible.

The Learning Source was delighted to have one of our very own present at The Mini Conference hosted by the Literacy Coalition of Colorado on February 8th. The Learning Source Instructor Nadine Kerstetter presented "AndragogyThe Science of Teaching Adults" to the event's attendees, focusing on the basics of adult education and the Learning Source best practices. Her portion of the program was well received by guests, who include local providers, area volunteers and administration. We are very pleased to have such knowledgeable and talented individuals on staff at The Learning Source and are thankful to Nadine for sharing her insight with others in the field of adult education.